Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I can't hear you, you're muted.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There you go.
Hey,
*Michelle *: I'm coming in here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What happened.
*Michelle *: My grandmother passed away.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow, that was
Yeah.
*Michelle *: Was very unexpected very sudden
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your great grandmother or your grandmother
Grandmother.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Holy
*Michelle *: moly.
What from
*Michelle *: I honestly don't know. I haven't really heard anything I was up there to kind of help out around the house with the dogs and stuff. And my dad's just been
*Michelle *: Going on a bender.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, I don't.
*Michelle *: Time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Michelle.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now, what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've been up there for how long.
*Michelle *: Was there for most of the week. I just got back, day before yesterday. Yesterday, they wish me well.
*Michelle *: It's been, it's been rough. I don't even know what we're gonna do now, now that she's gone and
*Michelle *: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What did your dad say
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He's devastated. So he's not thinking clearly
*Michelle *: He hasn't really said much he hasn't. I haven't really talked to him.
*Michelle *: Anytime I try to bring up our situation he kind of just like
*Michelle *: Not important you know and I'm like, well, yeah, it is important. You know, we're going to be out of here in two days. You know that
*Michelle *: I just don't even know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you get your license back
*Michelle *: I am one step closer I found out that
*Michelle *: On the MVD website. They're showing in their system that there were two failure to complete a stop at a stop sign tickets written
*Michelle *: The same. I mean, the tickets are identical, they're just, there's only one letter difference, you know. And obviously, it's an error in their system, but they still need verification from the court that it's an error.
*Michelle *: Because in order for me to be reinstated.
*Michelle *: It has to show in their system with that the court, the court fine has been paid. So it's only showing one ticket paid off.
*Michelle *: In the other delinquent so
*Michelle *: I'm waiting on that to clear up and then after that's cleared up. I'll have my driver's license.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my gosh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One rock after another home.
*Michelle *: Yeah.
*Michelle *: Just, I mean it just
*Michelle *: It's not one thing. It's another and I just feel like I can't catch a break and
*Michelle *: I just, I feel like I'm cursed. I feel like no matter what I do. I'm just spinning my wheels.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is it an option for you to pay one more month where you're at.
*Michelle *: No, she's threaten me with her lawyer, whatever, just
*Michelle *: To sign something or other. And I didn't, you know, I'm, I'm, I'm just the average Joe Schmo I don't know nothing about nothing. So I
*Michelle *: I'm sure she figures just threaten me with her lawyers and paperwork and
*Michelle *: I mean, I've tried talking to the sheriff. I've tried
*Michelle *: Calling the DHS office, you know, because I've heard that in Southern California in other areas in California, they're putting homeless people in
*Michelle *: hotel rooms and such, but they're not doing that here where I am and the sheriff's office had no information to give me because I asked them, you know, with the stay at home order and hold on evictions
*Michelle *: What if we just squat here. Like, are you going to enforce you know evictions and they told me that they can't give me an answer, because they've never dealt with anything like this and they wouldn't know unless they have
*Michelle *: An eviction in it present in you know what what
*Michelle *: So they can't even tell me that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So your vehicle less
Yellow do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You need, you need a U Haul or something to be able to get all your crap out and had up to Oregon and plant your butt where that is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
*Michelle *: Need I need that vehicle and and I'm hoping that
*Michelle *: I just, I don't even know my dad is just so
*Michelle *: Right now, he, he just, I mean he's not even returning my phone calls. He's not returning my texts.
*Michelle *: And
*Michelle *: I thought about asking, you know, a friend to take me up there, you know, to just be like, if you're not going to answer me. I have no other choice but to just show up and like, I mean, I need that man.
*Michelle *: I don't know how he's going to react, though. I mean, cuz he just he's he's extremely selfish. In general, and with all this going on.
*Michelle *: It's even more, you know,
*Michelle *: Because it was his mom and
*Michelle *: You know, he's gonna have to figure out where he's going to have to stay to
*Michelle *: Because he's the one that's been staying there.
*Michelle *: He's one that's been living there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And he can't continue to live there now.
*Michelle *: He can't afford the lights. My uncle's house. My, my uncle's the millionaire. It's his house. He pays for everything. My grandparents were paying the utility bills on whatnot, but he was letting them live their rent free well
*Michelle *: Nobody else has like a relationship with with Glenn. His name is Glenn, AND HE DOESN'T HE DOESN'T HE DOESN'T CARE. It's not not his problem. We're not like a family unit like that. Like it doesn't matter.
*Michelle *: You know, doesn't he doesn't care.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
*Michelle *: He's not gonna let my dad lived there for free. And my dad certainly can afford to
*Michelle *: Pay for whatever it would cost to live there expensive house.
*Michelle *: But I don't even know what Glenn is planning on doing now that
*Michelle *: I mean, cuz
*Michelle *: Bill my grandmother's husband is still alive. BILL STILL bill still there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
*Michelle *: I don't even know what Bill is planning to do if he's planning to stay there or to move, but I do know that my dad and build don't get along. So he's gonna have to he's gonna have to leave bills. Not gonna allow him to stay there. Now that my grandma has gone
*Michelle *: Bills probably like praise. Enjoy. You know, because that was that's always been a standing argument between my grandmother and him bill never had kids.
*Michelle *: And it's always been an argument with them of my grandmother helping my dad out all these years his entire life and
*Michelle *: Now that she's gone. He's got everything to himself all the money everything to himself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
*Michelle *: I don't even know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm at a loss because I'm sitting here going, what would I do if I was sitting in your shoes. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I think that you know what i would definitely do is write out the place that you're out as long as what you can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Make her a victor.
*Michelle *: We thought about that. We thought about just squatting here and hoping the sheriff doesn't force it.
*Michelle *: You know, but
*Michelle *: Then we lose our head.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you have anybody that can take you load your stuff up and take you
*Michelle *: Know my dad is only one that I know that would, that will help us that can can help us but
*Michelle *: I mean the storage unit is already paid for.
*Michelle *: So,
*Michelle *: I'm hoping that we can just squat here for a little while and I can get up up there to talk to him to at least just get the keys to the van and I'll do it myself. I'll move everything myself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Were you planning on doing that.
*Michelle *: Soon I don't even really know hopefully within the next week or two.
*Michelle *: I mean,
*Michelle *: I am hopefully within the next week or two, because
*Michelle *: I don't know how long we're gonna be able to squat here. If we can squat here.
*Michelle *: But
*Michelle *: I know
*Michelle *: There's 30 days in this month.
*Michelle *: I don't even know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's not you don't have a friend that you can stay with
*Michelle *: No.
*Michelle *: No, not where it would be okay with Ryan.
Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How much stuff do you have to move
*Michelle *: Got quite a bit of stuff here. I mean,
*Michelle *: Really, it's not that much in the eyes of people who have like a full house and home fully decorated and stuff like that but
*Michelle *: It is you know quite a bit.
*Michelle *: But it would be, I mean it. I mean, I could move it all in one day with the band.
*Michelle *: And we just ate.
*Michelle *: A lot of driving back and forth.
*Michelle *: I'm hoping that I can pull it off.
*Michelle *: Because I don't, I don't know. I mean, if we have the band and we can sleep in the van. It's not, you know, it's not a big deal.
*Michelle *: We can sleep in the van. I mean,
*Michelle *: You know there's places where we can go like
*Michelle *: to camp out, if you will, you know, like we've got a 10 we've got, you know, stuff to go camping with and we don't have to go camping an actual campground because right now they're all closed.
*Michelle *: But there are places where we can go camping out in the boonies where there's nothing to nobody around. You know, it would just be super rough and
*Michelle *: But either way, you know, at least we're all together and
*Michelle *: We've got someone have a roof over our head.
*Michelle *: Yeah, I mean,
*Michelle *: I don't, I don't think the cops would bother us. I mean, just, I mean, I get the whole stay at home order thing. You know, I get that whole thing. But when you don't have a home where do you go
*Michelle *: And I would think that any cop that would see, you know, we're camping, you know, we're not
*Michelle *: Totally like useless. You know druggie bums you know just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They're not exposing yourself or your baby to other people.
*Michelle *: Yeah, we're isolating ourselves, so to speak.
*Michelle *: Yeah I would hope that any any officer would have some sort of compassion for situation because
*Michelle *: There's nothing else. We have nothing to nobody else. There's no other option. And because our area is so poor. And so, rural
*Michelle *: They're not offering hotel rooms which I feel like is is is
*Michelle *: In that blows my mind. I mean, if you're doing it in other counties in California. Why can't they do it in our county. I mean, I know there's a lot of people out there that are homeless just in in our city alone.
Yeah.
Very nice.
*Michelle *: I don't understand why they're not offering that here like
*Michelle *: That blows my mind.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it does. Mine too.
*Michelle *: Especially with the the shelter. I mean, it was. It's not an exactly a shelter, there's only like a few beds there.
*Michelle *: It's not like a shelter or whatever, then they close that down because they don't have the resources to take care for
*Michelle *: People like that. It's just, it's not really a shelter. It's just kind of like an overnight place to sleep.
*Michelle *: A cot, you know, in a small room there's only so many COTS
*Michelle *: And I mean, it's not like an actual shelter. It's more of a like they feed you.
*Michelle *: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They don't
*Michelle *: don't provide like resources like that where you can stay long term. It's just like
*Michelle *: Shortly one nice short term, I mean,
*Michelle *: Dr. Jamison mentioned and
*Michelle *: JOHN I think his name mentioned, you know, to reach out to the churches and and I plan on doing that to
*Michelle *: Just to at least, you know, see if there's anything available or any options.
*Michelle *: But
*Michelle *: I do. I don't know how to get ahold of any of them because the churches are closed and I know they do the Wednesday's Sunday night worship or whatever through zoom
*Michelle *: I don't know how I would, you know, speak to somebody, one on one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They all they should, if you put Google, you know, churches in my area and then you'll have a list and usually they all have phones offices and somebody is monitoring those phone calls.
You know,
*Michelle *: Anything about that month in someone's gotta be monitoring phone calls.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hmm.
*Michelle *: I did plan on reaching out to the church.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Would be a great idea.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See, they even thought of something that I didn't even think about
*Michelle *: Right.
*Michelle *: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I didn't even think about the churches because at this point the way that things are. It's almost, you know, you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's almost where it feels like you're going to get the help
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about a desert Community action where you're at.
*Michelle *: I don't think so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's nothing like that.
*Michelle *: When I talked to DHS. I mean, I told them you know our entire situation, the eviction and everything, and he he
*Michelle *: Did not have any any options or anything.
*Michelle *: You know, and, and then the one girl was like, well, you know, they do, though.
*Michelle *: Once in a lifetime where they put you up in a hotel room and they help pay for your deposit and and all that and and I said, and I mentioned. Yeah, that once in a lifetime has already been used
*Michelle *: We used up that once in a lifetime motel stay and help with the first and last deposit when I was homeless and pregnant with a riot. That's how we got into a place
*Michelle *: He was through that once in a lifetime help
*Michelle *: Me and I think it's really shitty how they only offer it once in a lifetime.
*Michelle *: But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I do
*Michelle *: Think it's really shitty that in this time right now with it with the virus and all. I just think it's really crazy how they're not offering anything
*Michelle *: How are, how are they not offering to put people in motel rooms, but other. I mean, I get like these other counties down in Southern California are are more
*Michelle *: Richer whatever I mean because the lady at EHS strict straight up told me you know we live in one of the poorest counties in California and I get that, but at the same time, I mean,
*Michelle *: How are you going to put people in motels down there, but not put them in up here like i don't i don't get that. I don't understand how that's not an option.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Must be a county per county thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hold on one second. I gotta close my door.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright. Sorry, I'm back.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm sitting here and I watched my friend door just kind of fly open. I'm like, what is that he's kind of windy, the wind. It took the door, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. And the only resources that I know is in the Portland area. I don't know any resources, any place else.
*Michelle *: I met a woman through Facebook.
*Michelle *: I had put an ad on there. You know, I was looking for clothes for Riah because she
*Michelle *: outgrew all of her clothes in like a matter of a couple of weeks, you know, and I put on there, you know, in search of, you know, clothes.
*Michelle *: That fit her for free or super cheap and she ended up giving us a big bag of clothes for free. And, you know, we kind of talked about our situation and whatnot. And she mentioned, you know,
*Michelle *: Going down to eureka that there's more options down in Eureka or whatnot. And I just
*Michelle *: I don't, I don't want to go farther south. I don't want to go down to Eureka, if anything, I want to go up north more, you know, I just
*Michelle *: I want to get out of California.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. I understand that. Very much so. If you are up closer in the Portland area, I can certainly you know guide you and direct you into different resources that I know are available there, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But as far as you know in your area. And I just, I'm naive in that area. I have no idea.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know you're in Crescent City huh
Yeah.
*Michelle *: Yeah, I talked to my caseworker DHS and then he just
*Michelle *: Had nothing to offer nothing
*Michelle *: Because I asked him, you know, is, is the motel room and options and they're doing it in other counties in Southern California and
*Michelle *: Nothing.
*Michelle *: And then they threaten me they threaten me that they were going to lower our cash amount
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Why
*Michelle *: Well, because in the state of California in order to receive cash aid, you have to participate in an activity. Well, the activity that I was participating in it was the diploma now program to get my diploma.
*Michelle *: And
*Michelle *: With the schools closed down and everything. I haven't been able to turn in all my homework or turn in my school books. I haven't heard from my teacher
*Michelle *: And the lady is hounding me to get the certificate to show that I've completed the program and yada yada yada and
*Michelle *: I told her I mean I I can only do so much. I know just as much as you do. I've tried to get ahold of my teacher. I have not turned in my school work with me not turning in my schoolwork. They can't issue me a certificate, stating that I've completed the program.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
*Michelle *: You know, and she's like, well, I have to input something or they're gonna have to, they look at it as we're not we're not doing what we're supposed to be doing. We're not participating into the in
*Michelle *: And I feel like that's bullshit. How can you sit there and say that I'm not participating when I have, I have no control over this. I can't like hell. I mean,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, if you can only do what you can do. You know what I mean.
*Michelle *: I can only do so much and everything else is out of my control. But how are you going to lower my income at a time like this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Doesn't make sense.
*Michelle *: And I told her I go you lower my income and you're just going to screw me even more, you know, like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about Community assistance network.
*Michelle *: I have no idea what that even is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, get a pen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The phone number 707-464-9190
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I've ever heard of Harrington house.
*Michelle *: Yeah, it's a
*Michelle *: What's that domestic violence shelter for women.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so if you call them. Tell them you're not in a domestic violence situation, but yet you you know you're trying to find resources to help in your situation and maybe they can give you a direction to go to that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You don't know about.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Their number is 707-465-3013
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what is rule human services. We heard that.
*Michelle *: Yeah, that's the food bank.
Okay.
*Michelle *: That's, that's all I know about rule her human services. I know that that's where the food beacons. I don't know if they do anything else.
*Michelle *: I haven't heard of them doing anything else.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm looking at this other thing I'm trying to port appointed county have done or day
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a county here in
*Michelle *: Del Norte county in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Come on come on come on my computers are going really slow today.
Oh my goodness me,
*Michelle *: Right has been
*Michelle *: Like the handful. These last few days.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh yeah, she feels your stress.
Yeah.
*Michelle *: Sure. That's exactly what it is because it's not just me. That's stressed out, it's Alex to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know, yeah. You both are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
*Michelle *: Each one's about side, really, really bad, but it's really nasty out today.
*Michelle *: Which is weird, because the last few days have been super nice and sunny and she's been able to go outside and play. And right now, she's got this thing with taken in the dirt for worms.
*Michelle *: She's got this thing right now with digging in the dirt for worms, like she just wants to constantly go outside and dig in the dirt.
*Michelle *: She brought
*Michelle *: She brought in the worm. The other yesterday.
*Michelle *: And I'm upstairs and Alex was down there doing the dishes and she comes up with their little shovel folder and there's a worm Woodlawn around and
*Michelle *: Alex and I were talking to each other and weren't paying attention to her and and she just comes back in the room with what the shovel, but no worm. And what's the worm.
*Michelle *: So there's a dead weren't so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's funny.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, you're fine. I'm just researching a little bit trying to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Find other resources.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe, maybe.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My you know that could help specificity outreach.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 1530 graves feeds into 4pm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, it's 430 so that won't work.
In
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Crescent City, California List of housing resources they built in covered almost shelters supportive housing halfway housing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Transitional Housing day shelters low income housing residential drug and alcohol programs.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's dourdan center.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you heard of that.
No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Transitional Housing
*Michelle *: No, I've never heard of.
*Michelle *: It. What, like what what confuses me to is when I talked to the my caseworker at DHS. I mean, he told me that there's no resources in town that
*Michelle *: Can help us and and
*Michelle *: I don't, you know, and then you're looking it up online.
*Michelle *: I don't know, I just, I'm confused. I guess you could say.
*Michelle *: I don't see how there could be a bunch of stuff online showing whatever resources, but
*Michelle *: Yet he can't
*Michelle *: Tell me anything.
*Michelle *: Let me know.
Unless that's. Can you see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This is gonna say
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's Jordans center.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's see.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's in Crescent City.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Even if you found even if you were able to get into something like this for a couple weeks till you got your license and was able, you know, to get the van from your, from your dad. You know what I mean, just something that takes you out of that emergency
*Michelle *: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get the phone number.
*Michelle *: Right right now. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sorry.
*Michelle *: 8437
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We're a 437 and if you're an assistant. If you're in need of assistance called Jordan Center transitional housing directly seven or 79518437
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that you're going to, you need to call them directly and see what they have. This is from shelter listings.org and, you know, you just explain your situation, you know, you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I mean, literally, this one right here. Community assistance net network. I think you got that number 717
*Michelle *: Yeah, I wrote that one down.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, number. It's a nonprofit, which is good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I would call them to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You
*Michelle *: Yeah, I've never heard of any of those
*Michelle *: I wonder if they're
*Michelle *: Still even
Hmm.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As long as you get to a place where you're less stressed out so that you can deal with this move, and the death of your grandma right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Really, you know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you get
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A little bit of relief.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, those are the two that come up
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your area.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
*Michelle *: Never heard of those
*Michelle *: Nobody is ever
*Michelle *: Talked about them or anything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, depending on how
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ya see it just goes to see helpful definition.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sometimes they're not out in the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Public you part of it is because they probably have an over number, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You see,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They even have him over in in Ohio. I have them in Ohio. Oh, hi. Oh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's one in Compton.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. So it sounds like they're everywhere.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, really.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's a couple things for you to look into and check out all right.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We do that.
*Michelle *: Yeah, definitely.
*Michelle *: It's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just something to get
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you keep your mind busy. You keep occupied. You keep looking and searching something's going to pop up because the churches, put it even if you have to leave it on the voicemail, I need help.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, I need immediate help my floor just came out from underneath me literally right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
*Michelle *: Yeah, I just, I'm, I'm in shock. A little right now because we're at the DHS office. They have like a list of homelessness resources where you can get showers where you can get food, where you can get, you know, all that stuff hygiene like
*Michelle *: Products and all that. And none of those are listed on on it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Part of it too sometimes, you know, because they are nonprofit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sometimes it just doesn't work with nonprofits. They have to be, you know, certified through the state and all these jump through all these hoops and a lot of private
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Nonprofits they don't want to do that. They don't want to have to jump through the hoops, you know, they've got plenty of people that they can help, they don't have to get through DHS or you know any of the government entities, so to speak.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, again, it's something to look into more resources to check out for you so that you can see. You know what I mean, what you can do in the next couple days and
*Michelle *: Ya know, I'm definitely going to look into those clues
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And again, you're, you're asking for short term help right now. You're not asking for long term, I'll be asking for short term, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Duty or situation and you weren't evicted you were
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You put in your notice and the virus it and everything is kind of went haywire every sense and you know she's not giving you an opportunity to extend to get through this piece.
*Michelle *: St dot right there blows my mind too because when I talked to the sheriff and she pretty much told me that it's it's
*Michelle *: For people who are already or had already received an eviction notice it doesn't apply to them the hold on evictions and that the only the hold on evictions is only for those that want to
*Michelle *: evict somebody for not paying their rent.
*Michelle *: Which I feel like I mean that shouldn't. I mean, stay at home order hold on evictions, that should be any and all evictions, for lack of payment or not.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And yeah, it doesn't make okay so if you would if you withdrew your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Paperwork stating that you're not moving now and you just didn't pay your rent. They couldn't evict you then.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can automate it just doesn't
*Michelle *: Know they did. Even us, they gave us a 90 day eviction on the first of January.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, okay.
*Michelle *: Yeah, and and they they gave us the extension for the month of April, we were supposed to be out March.
*Michelle *: And they gave us another month
*Michelle *: For the month of April and
*Michelle *: They don't want to extend it again. They don't want to give us another extension. They want us out.
*Michelle *: And I mean, because I've talked to her about it that HUD housing, because we were, we have HUD HUD pays a portion of our rent.
*Michelle *: And, you know, because I asked them, you know, what happens if we just squat year and she you know she she didn't tell me, we would we would lose our HUD, we wouldn't be able to reapply we would lose our HUD
*Michelle *: Like, I don't know how it works, or whatever. But it's basically because we would be in non compliance with
*Michelle *: Whatever.
*Michelle *: Because
*Michelle *: We'd be a non compliance of our what whatever you want to call it agreement or or
*Michelle *: Whatever you call it.
An
*Michelle *: Agreement.
*Michelle *: Whatever, I don't know what she's she had a certain word she used
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To contract.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You be in violation of your contract with her. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so check out those resources that I gave you. All right. And I, I just, I have to believe that between the churches and and one of those two that you will be able to find something that will help you for the next couple weeks until you can get up to Oregon.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I have to believe that. Okay, I just have to, I don't have any other option right now. Good to believe that that's going to you know come together, you know, for you and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, the last case scenario and and it sounds, it probably sounds horrible. But just packing, you know, shipping, some boxes to your, your, you know, your family's house and getting on a freakin bus and just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Leaving the rest. I mean, I've done that several times when I add do. It's a horrible option but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is an option. If it comes down to it, and you can't get help.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
*Michelle *: No. Yes. No, no thought about that. We thought about just trying to sell what we can and just leave in the rest and
*Michelle *: Element.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It sucks. I know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know
I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know, but remember that the most important thing is you three
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right at the end of the day you three of the most important things in that house material you know belongings can always be replaced.
*Michelle *: Right.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, don't, don't forget that these Michelle Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so do you have my email, you can email me and let me know what's what's happening.
*Michelle *: Maybe know anything I have email you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Will you if I give you my email. Email and tech touch base with me and let me know that you're okay and what your plan turned out to be in the next couple days.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You either
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You see if I can chat. Can you see chat.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You got it.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You froze for a second. So I was kind of waiting
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: to unfreeze okay. It's okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Alright, so you'll email me and let me know what your plan turned out to be once you make contact with some churches in your area.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Me, try this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's amazing what you can actually find in
My
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Google can be my friend, you've got
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Me see Crescent City foursquare church.
*Michelle *: Mm hmm. Yeah. That was the church. I was going to
*Michelle *: call and talk to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Their St. Paul's Episcopal Church.
*Michelle *: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's see what they help with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Support communities, not only with faith, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I took me to their website.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hey there.
*Michelle *: Yeah, I'm here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, they, I don't see what they what they offer here, but give him a call. Anyways,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then President city church of the nazarene is another one.
*Michelle *: Yeah, my first first choice was the foursquare.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, there's all kinds of there's all kinds of churches in your area.
Yeah.
*Michelle *: I just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know, but oh look at Fort Dix Bible Church.
*Michelle *: Yeah, that's a ways away from me. It's got to be somewhere in town because I can't get out before
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Where am I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: meeting place.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Seventh Day Adventist Yeah, you've got a whole group or a whole list of churches.
*Michelle *: Yeah, there, there are. There's a bunch of churches that are just within my general area right here where I live. You know, I just
Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A huge amount of work and phone calls to make tomorrow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yay.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. Yay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, and so you'll send me an email and let me know when you're at and what you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: pulled together and what your plan is so that I don't worry about you.
*Michelle *: I absolutely will. Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will say,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, you know, there's absolutely nothing that I can do to console, the grief that you're gonna that you're experiencing right now, you know, with the loss of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The sudden loss of your grandma. But you know what I mean. What I know is that you've got to make sure that you understand that you're going through this process your emotions are going to be high.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your you know your agitation is going to be, you know, you're going to be on short fuse and make sure that you pay attention to it when you're, you know, dealing with baby and you're dealing with the partners so that they don't get that backlash from yeah and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know when you feel like being emotional and crying. Michelle, give yourself permission in time to do that even if you go into the bathroom for a few minutes, you know, but you've got to walk through it sober.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You've come too far, you know,
*Michelle *: trying so hard. I really am.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know you are. I know you are. And if I could, if there was anything that I could do to help you or any place that I can direct you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For a guaranteed you know help in this moment, definitely I would do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But again, you know, my resource.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Vicinity is up in the Portland Mendel area. You know, I can certainly get you help up there. But, you know, because we're in a whole different state in area in
*Michelle *: Right, but
You know,
*Michelle *: We appreciate all that you've done. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well I'm here for you. You just got to know that. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thank you so free, make sure you do self care. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I'll be looking for your email.
*Michelle *: Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, all right, and I will talk to you later.